Self-driving cars are no longer a futuristic idea. Companies like Mercedes, BMW, and Tesla have already released, or are soon to release, self-driving features that give the car some ability to drive itself.

Tech companies are also trying to pioneer the self-driving car. Recently, Google announced that it would be testing its prototype of a driver-less car on roads this summer in California.

In an in-depth report from BI Intelligence, we analyze the self-driving car market by analyzing the current state of the self-driving car and provide an in-depth analysis for how we see the self-driving car progressing over the next five years. 
Our in-depth analysis describes the economic impact that self-driving cars can have and look at the current barriers preventing the self-driving car from coming to market.arn and knowledge of the right steps!

answer:

1:disadvantages of self driving cars

I think automobile industry could suffer. Driver less cars may mean that car manufacturers make less models and less
cars, resulting millions of people who are connected with driving related jobs loose their jobs.
Self-driving cars may be able to handle themselves, but user still need to know how to drive an autonomous vehicle
safely. The cost of a self-driving car would be very high than average cars
Driver less cars depends on computers, hackers and other cyber crimes are a great threat for it.
To reap the benefits of reduced traffic and accidents, driver less cars need to be widely adopted.

2:advantages of self driving cars

Self driving cars in future mostly will be electronic so these will be Environmentally Friendly, and it will be helpful in reducing pollution.
it may Improved Safety this way we can save many lives and money which are wasted by human mistakes and caused crashes
Car Sharing
Many people are unable to drive a vehicle because of age, disability, or restricted mobility. It will be very helpful for them
 Faster Commutes because of self driving cars
 Driver can do Better Use of a Driver’s Time.
  with self driving cars we can have better Traffic management and it reduces the risks of accidents
 May be because of self driving cars their will be a strategy which help Saving space.
   Their will be a lot of potential for New Designs an more powerful Vehicles.
     Potential for More Powerful Vehicles

